What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Essentially, the folder you are working on becomes "git-ified". A .git folder gets added
	and the folder is now ready for commits. Git does not save a commit into the history yet
	You have to make your first commit before that happens.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value
do you think it offers?

	The staging area is where you add files that you want to put into your next commit. It
	servers as a draft before you are literally ready to 'commit'! This gives you more
	control as you can add files one at a time to this particular commit and view/edit them
	before you finish the action.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Even if you have made a couple of different logical changes, you can use the staging
	area to split your work back up. The functionality of git that allows you to explicitly
	choose which files to port over gives you another change to be explicit about logically
	splitting up your commits. You can do 'git diff' which compares the directory to the
	staging area to get a sense of what exactly has changed logically in this commit. Then,
	you can go on and do the rest.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

	When you want to try a new experimental branch or when you start a new branch of code
	altogether, having a new branch is obviously helpful. You can also use this to
	explicitly name commits that are distinct such that you don't have to go through the
	overhead of moving back and forth between various states.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams of branch history help you get a sense of the commonalities of a branch 
	structure and easily visualize how they split off. You can use the command 'git log
	--graph --oneline branch1 branch2' to visualize the difference between branch1 and
	branch2 easily.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	When you merge two branches together, git automatically combines all of the files. Files
	with no changes on either are easy - git just brings it forward. Files which were
	removed in one branch and not in the other are retained and then files which were added
	in one and not the other are retained as well. There are merge conflicts if a particular
	file is affected in different ways by the two different branches you are trying to merge
	together. Representing this in a diagram is helpful because you can see the last common
	commit two branches had and also see the last unique commit one branch had. Then, you
	can use commands like 'diff' and 'show' to figure out the differences if you want to
	hunt down a bug or the introduction of a feature.

